oh why does she look at me like that
oh the boss called I'm so scared the
party is tomorrow I'm so afraid of
meeting new people yep emotions can
complicate your life and keep you from
getting what you really want so here are
some psychological tips to help you
always keep the situation under control
first let's begin with learning to
control yourself try these count up to
100 so you've been preparing pizza for a
party all day you made perfectly thin
dough prepare delicious filling and then
one of your friends at the party tries
it and says it's disgusting everything
is boiling inside you you're ready to
say things that could end your
friendship for good but the truth is
that he just can't stand Parmesan cheese
that you added to the pizza to avoid
unnecessary conflict try to count to 100
no need to count to the end but as long
as you're recalling the numbers you
distract yourself from negative emotions
and have a look at the situation with a
clear mind breathe in and out an even
more effective way to calm yourself is
breathing exercises does something
bother you are you angry or embarrassed
just take a long deep breath for 4
seconds after that exhale for 4 more
seconds repeat 4 to 5 times and the
storm in your head will subside pay
attention to your body gestures and
facial expressions speak a lot more than
words your boss may scream at you and
ruin your mood for the whole day because
you take negativity too hard try to
focus on your body when stressed out
you're probably clenching your fists or
frowning right now as soon as you notice
and realize this immediately try to
relax your mind will take the cue from
your body and you will learn to ignore
any negative words address to you change
the topic of conversation you're
speaking with a very difficult opponent
who's not just causing anger or stress
inside you but annoys you too
Wow or maybe they make you talk about
something absolutely unpleasant in this
case you should try to direct the
conversation in another direction this
is easily achieved by saying something
like you know I suppose our opinions
differ here let's better discuss the
finale of the Game of Thrones the
penguin population the benefits of
unleavened bread just about anything to
divert attention from the topic get
distracted has it been a hard day at
work or school are you loathing everyone
around and just boiling inside this mood
is familiar to many the best way to deal
with it is to distract yourself at least
for a while watch a movie read a book
dance sports is the best option though
training will not only let off your
steam but improve blood circulation in
the brain and this will help solve any
problem meditate every day more and more
people turn to meditation and it really
helps there are a lot of instructions
and books about meditation on the
internet so I won't bore you with
details just keep in mind that it helps
to be aware of your inner self and your
environment look at things from another
angle it's human to blame everybody
except yourself I know but if you take a
critical look at the situation you might
come to another conclusion most likely
both sides are to blame after all for
example if you had a fight with a friend
don't hurry and put yourself in their
shoes you'll soon find it easier to look
at any problem from both sides and learn
to resolve difficult situations calmly
remember your best when you're upset
about something or mad at yourself try
to recall everything you've done really
well for example you got a c-minus for
your tests instead of getting all upset
remember how hard you work to prepare
for it and that all your previous tests
got at least a B your great negative
thoughts are more numerous during the
day than positive ones
I to control them by the way meditation
helps here to reschedule stress when
you're scared or worried about something
tell yourself I don't worry about this
tomorrow morning but now I have more
important things to do the stress will
pass and the coolest thing is that you
won't even remember it the next morning
okay now that you've learned to control
yourself you can control the situation
leave the dialog window ver and achieve
what you want here's some advice be
empathetic try to read the other
person's emotions and guess their
desires don't overdo it though you
should be a little detached from other
people's problems worrying about other
people's needs all the time is a bit
tiring especially in a relationship
remember that giving too much leads to
emotional exhaustion any energy that you
give to your partner should be given
back make use of names call the person
you are talking to by name they'll be
pleased this way you show that you
listen to and respect their opinion this
is a very effective technique in any
negotiations yet again don't go
overboard with it if you say the
person's name too much it will have the
opposite effect and they may even think
you're making fun of them disagree
positively you're in a business meeting
arguing with a person you're looking to
make a big deal with they offer you
conditions you can't accept if you don't
want to spoil the deal don't just say I
disagree
be positive and say instead I agree with
you but here's the problem and tell them
why you disagree there's a good chance
they'll hear you out and agree with your
point bring gifts even the smallest gift
can change a person's attitude towards
you big time even if it's just a donut
or chocolate bar they will be pleased
provide illusion of control if you want
to make someone do something then give
that person the illusion of choice for
example your younger brother should wash
the windows but doesn't want to do it
don't ask him directly offer him a
choice either washing the win
or mowing the lawn there's no actual
need for the ladder but you know your
brother loathes it so he'll agree to
wash the windows because he thinks he
has a choice be confident people believe
you when you do things confidently even
if you don't know how to draw do it as
if you've been the winner of
international painting exhibitions for
many years people will be delighted with
your confidence and look at your
pictures differently beware though and
use this trick in situations where
knowledge is really needed for example
when calculating math equations follow
the ten-minute rule if it's really hard
for you to start doing necessary work
say to write an article you should try
the ten minute rule set a timer for 10
minutes and start working till this time
ends this psychological trick helps you
to start your brain thinks hmm only 10
minutes okay nothing to worry about and
when you begin you'll realize you're
making progress and now it's much easier
to finish the job
ask for more this trick came straight
from marketing for example you're trying
to sell your by ask for a large amount
immediately if you want to sell it for
$1,000 then ask for $3,000 obviously the
potential buyer won't agree then when
you've lowered the price to 1000 they'll
think they've made you knock it down and
happily pay the money if you ask for
$1000 straightaway you'll have to lower
it eventually
and finally this winning technique smile
yes a simple smile can break an awkward
pause and make a person feel comfortable
however try to smile sincerely and don't
do it too often and of all this stuff
you do really be honest and genuine
about it strive to make a connection
with them and you'll be amazed at your
results hey if you learned something new
today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
cool videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and smile and
stay on the bright side of life